(theme music playing)
I, uh--
Standing in the door
I could see...
the lights
on the drop zone,
and I had to assume
that was our drop zone,
way in the...
ahead of us.
And... so that
we had the red light,
I had everybody standing up
ready to jump,
so, when the plane
started to get hit,
and suddenly the pilot
gives me the green light,
I'm out the door,
immediately.
We got such an opening blast
from the opening shot,
from the prop-blast
that it broke this chin strap
that we had
on this helmet of mine,
and that's when I lost
this famous leg-bag
that everybody
talks about,
just from the shock
of the opening.
It just flew
right off my foot.
We came from the sky.
We hit, and in any
direction you went
there would be enemy,
you knew it.
And that was all part
of what you accepted.
How do you prepare yourself,
mentally?
Each man must
do that himself.
prepare himself mentally,
to, uh, to make that jump.
At the back of your mind
you-- you know, you wonder
what's gonna happen
and all that.
You know you've been trained
and trained and trained
and what your job
is gonna be,
and what you're
supposed to do and--
Oh, that's what you
gotta think about, you know?
And we lost a lot
of people that night,
but... you try to put it
all out of your mind.
Smith, give me a light.
Lip, did Evans make it?
Yes, sir.
He's in
Lieutenant Meehan's
stick, sir.
Paratrooper 1:
Lieutenant Meehan!
Lieutenant Meehan.
Will could
use some help.
Will.
Will, hey.
Will, I need
your help here.
(radio chatter)
Get ready!
Stand up!
Hook up!
Equipment check!
Sound off
for equipment check!
Paratrooper 2:
Ten okay!
Paratrooper 3:
Nine okay!
Eight okay!
Seven okay!
Six okay!
Five okay!
Paratrooper 4:
Four okay!
Paratrooper 5:
Three okay!
Two okay!
One okay!
(grunts)
(men shouting)
Jesus Christ!
Let's go, let's go!
Does that light
look green to you?
No, let's go!
I'm hit!
Ahh!
Jesus, tell Meehan
to get them out of there!
Ahh!
Two o'clock!
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Go!
I wanna jump, sir!
Now, listen to me,
stay on the plane,
Get up! Move!
You're not jumping!
He's okay.
No, sir, no!
All right, sonofabitch.
(grunts)
Where's
the goddamn D.Z.?
Maybe it's three
more minutes on this bearing!
We get any lower,
we ain't gonna need
any friggin' parachutes!
Slow down!
We gotta get
some altitude!
They can't jump
at this speed!
We there?
Oh god!
Oh no!
Oh!
Let's go!
(gunshots)
Flash!
Shit!
I don't think that's
the correct reply, Trooper.
I say "flash,"
you say "thunder."
Yes, sir,
thunder, sir.
Musette bag.
Coach?
Sir, it's Hall, sir.
I was on
the basketball team.
Leg-bag?
Prop blast got it, sir,
and my radio
and batteries with it.
Mine, too.
Mine are somewhere
behind those trees.
Okay.
Follow me.
(gunshots)
To hell with that!
Wait until they reload.
(men shouting)
Go.
Aren't you
"D" Company?
Able, sir.
Guess that means
one of us is in the wrong
drop zone, sir?
Yeah, or both of us.
Do you have
a weapon, sir?
Just my knife.
Do you have any idea
where we are, sir?
Some.
So, you're
a radio man?
Yes, sir.
Well, I was until
I lost my radio on the jump.
I'm sure I'll get
chewed out for that.
Well, if you were
in my platoon,
I'd tell you
you were a rifleman first
and a radio man second.
Well, maybe you could
tell that to my platoon leader
when we find him.
If we find him.
It's a deal.
First, I need
your help.
We'll locate some landmarks
to get our bearings.
Keep your eyes peeled
for buildings, farmhouses,
bridges, roads, trees.
I wonder if the rest of them
are as lost as we are.
We're not lost,
Private.
We're in Normandy.
Who's that?
Lieutenant Winters,
is that you?
Get in here,
sit down.
Any weapon?
No, sir. As soon as
I hit that prop blast,
so long leg-bag.
All I got is this knife
and some TNT.
These 82nd boys
got their M-1s, though.
Oh, man, 82nd,
where the hell are we?
Sir, I saw a sign
back thataways,
said, "Sainte-Mère-Eglise."
Flashlight.
Raincoat?
You got a raincoat?
Yeah.
We're about seven kilometers
away from our objective.
And four hours away
from when we need
to have it secured.
So, we got a lot
of walking ahead of us.
You men will stick with us
until we find your unit.
Let's go.
Hey, Sarge,
where are we going?
Causeway number two,
Utah Beach.
The Germans flooded
the fields inland.
We don't clear those routes,
our boys ain't going nowhere.
Five of us
ain't gonna secure a road.
That louie don't even
have a weapon.
I don't remember hearing
about any railroads
near our objective.
I'm telling you,
this is the spur line
that runs parallel
to the river.
We should be coming up
to a road and bridge ahead.
Yeah, how would
you know?
Because I studied
sandtails, all right?
Probably
a friggin' train or--
Shh.
Winters:
Flash.
Thunder.
Lieutenant,
is that you?
Malarkey?
Sir.
Glad to see you, sir.
Hey, fellas.
Everybody okay?
Hey, Lieu. Good to see you.
Nice to see you guys.
Guarnere.
Sir.
You and Hall up front.
Who the hell is Hall?
(horse neighing)
Lipton.
Go.
Guarnere.
(horse neighing)
(men chattering)
Wait for my command.
(gunfire)
(horses neighing)
(men shouting)
Grenade! Grenade!
(speaking foreign language)
Ahh!
That's enough,
Guarnere!
Everyone okay?
All:
Yes, sir.
Next time I say
wait for my command,
you wait for my command,
Sergeant.
Yes, sir.
(horse neighing)
(gunshot)
Here you go,
Lieutenant.
Kraut weapon.
Fine, Quaker.
What's that
guy's problem?
Gonorrhea.
Really?
His name, dummy,
Guarnere, gonorrhea, get it?
So besides
having a shitty name,
what's his problem?
None of your
fucking business, cowboy.
Lieutenant:
All right, let's move out.
Paratroopers:
Sir.
Quietly.
Did you see him?
He just sat there.
He didn't
have a weapon.
What's he gonna do,
shout at 'em?
Shouts at me
for killing Krauts.
He just wanted you
to wait for his command.
Joe, he don't
even drink.
(cow moos)
Lipton, Wynn.
Anybody need supplies or ammo,
now's the time to get it.
McDowell, you okay?
Yes, Sergeant.
Then let's go.
Hey, I promised my kid brother
I'd fetch him back a Luger.
So I got
first dibs, okay?
Check that one.
(planes soaring)
It's the Navy.
The landings have started,
let's go.
Let's move it out.
Right on time.
Yeah, tell that
to him, cowboy.
My name's Hall.
That so?
Let's move out.
You just gotta learn
to return his fire is all.
You gotta realize
it ain't about you.
He just heard
his brother--
Malarkey,
shut your yap.
His brother got it
at Cassino.
Found out
before we jumped.
(indistinct chatter)
Morning, sir.
Battalion sure will be happy
to see you guys.
Where?
At the farm, sir.
Top of the morning
to you fellas.
Enjoying the war?
(laughter)
Where are you from, son?
Eugene, Oregon.
Eugene?
You gotta be kidding me.
Popeye,
did you hear this?
I'm from Astoria.
You don't say.
Yeah, Orange Street.
What gives?
What-- What are you doing
in a Kraut uniform?
Volksdeutsche.
Come again?
My family
answered the call.
"All true Aryans should
return to the Fatherland."
Joined up in '41.
You're shitting me, right?
Toye:
Hey, Malarkey, stop
fraternizing with the enemy.
Get over here!
What got you to Eugene?
I was born in Eugene.
Really?
(chattering)
Popeye.
Hey, Popeye.
Hey, Harry.
Carry on.
Oh, Easy Company.
(all greeting each other)
Welcome.
Good to see you.
And this here's Hall,
Able Company.
Known as Cowboy.
You from Texas?
Manhattan.
Hey, Boss,
how ya doin'?
What's goin' on?
What's the hold up?
Not sure.
(explosion)
Five'll get you 10,
it's got something
to do with that.
Yeah.
It's good
to see you, Dick.
Yeah,
you too, Buck.
What's the situation?
Ah, not good.
90% of the men are
still unaccounted for.
Lieutenant Meehan?
No, no one's seen him,
or anyone from his plane.
You know,
if he is missing,
wouldn't that
put you in line to be
the next Commander of Easy?
Hey, Lieutenant Speirs.
How many men have
Dog Company got assembled?
A handful,
maybe 20.
You the only officer
that made it?
So far.
Still waiting
for orders.
You got
some cigarettes?
Here.
Hey, keep the pack.
Yeah, so I was
in the plant in '39.
That's when I was at Monarch
tooling propeller shafts.
No kiddin'.
What are the chances
of that, huh?
You and me 100 miles
from each other,
working at practically
the same job, geez.
Hey, Malark,
we're waiting on you.
Yeah, I'm coming.
Well, I gotta run,
I'll see you around.
Yeah, see you around.
Zigaretten?
Here you go.
(speaking German)
Danke.
Thank you.
(gunshots)
Shit.
Soldier:
Easy Company?
Easy?
Hey, any of you guys know
where Easy Company is?
You seen
Lieutenant Meehan?
No, not yet.
Well, Major Strayer wants
Easy Company's C.O. up front.
Well, I guess
that means you, Dick.
(explosion)
C'mon.
Sonofabitch.
Hey, Malark,
where's the best chow?
In Berlin.
Let's round them up.
Okay, get up.
And the MGs?
I'd say right
around here, sir.
I can't be sure.
There's some
Kraut 88s up ahead.
Up ahead and to the right
about what, 300 yards?
Up through
those gardens.
Now, they're right between us
and Causeway number two.
Firing on to the boys
landing at Utah.
Think Easy
can handle it?
Yes, sir.
'Cause my guess is
they're doing some
terrible damage there.
(explosion)
(chattering)
The 88s
we've been hearing,
have been spotted in a field,
down the road aways.
Major Strayer wants us
to take 'em out.
There are two guns
that we know of
firing on Utah Beach,
and plan on a third
and a fourth,
here and here.
The Germans
are in the trenches,
with access
to the entire battery,
and with machine-gun cover
in the rear.
We'll establish
a base of fire
and move under it
hard and fast with
two squads of three.
How many Krauts
they think we're facing?
No idea.
No idea?
We'll take some
TNT along with us,
to spike the guns.
Lipton, your responsibility.
Yes, sir.
Liebgott, you'll take
the first machine-gun
with Petty A. Gunner.
Plesha, Hendrix,
you take the other.
Who does
that leave?
Compton, Malarkey,
Toye, Guarnere.
Okay.
we'll be making
the main assault.
Understood?
All:
Yes, sir.
All right,
let's pack it up, boys.
Shouldn't he be outside with
the other Able Company guys?
See you around, Hall.
Lipton, when you see
we've captured the first gun,
I want you and your TNT
as fast as possible.
Yes, sir.
Okay, just weapons and ammo,
drop everything else.
Got any spare ammo
in a pack or a musette bag,
bring it along.
Lieutenant, sir?
I was wondering, sir,
you need an extra hand?
Ain't you Sink's
jeep driver?
So?
Oh, shit.
What's your name,
trooper?
Lorraine, sir.
You're with me,
Lorraine.
Compton, Second Squad.
Yes, sir.
All right, you heard the word,
let's move, let's move.
Go.
Three cannons.
(cannons firing)
Petty,
we've got enfilading fire.
Right, let's go.
Stay down.
(soldiers shouting in German)
MG-42s.
I'll draw their fire
to the right from the truck.
Take two men
and hit 'em from the left.
Okay, go.
Right.
Take Ranney, envelop right,
give covering fire.
Lorraine,
on the machine-gun.
Don't give away your position
until you have to.
And I want that TNT
as soon as you see
we've captured the first gun.
Go.
Yes, sir.
(explosions)
(speaking in German)
Go.
(shouting)
I can't see nothing.
(shouting in German)
(shouting continues)
C'mon, Buck.
(shouting in German)
Oh, shit!
Let's go!
Follow me!
Come on!
Oh, fuck!
It just got my ass!
(indistinct shouting)
Sorry, sir.
Jesus Christ!
Fucking jeep jockey.
Shit, I'm sorry, sir.
I screwed up.
Grenade!
Joe, Toye,
roll out, roll out!
God!
Shoot.
You are one
lucky bastard, Joe.
Guarnere, Malarkey, Lorraine,
secure that gun!
Compton,
covering fire.
Yes, sir!
Where are
you hit, Pop?
I can't believe
I fucked up my ass, sir.
Your ass?
Oh, shit.
Hey, Popeye,
how bad is it?
I'm sorry, sir,
I didn't mean to fuck up.
I don't think
it's too bad.
You think you can
make it back yourself?
I think so, sir.
Let's move out.
Right, here we go.
Okay.
Drop your weapon, Pop,
drop your weapon.
Yeah.
C'mon!
One, two, three!
Get down, Dick,
get down!
Pop!
Popeye, get down!
Winters, one o'clock!
Grenade! Toye!
Let's go!
Get out of there!
Toye!
Joe!
Jesus Christ.
Fucking twice.
Jesus Christ!
Lorraine, move! Go!
Malark!
Ranney, let's move!
They've got
the first gun.
There's the second gun.
Grenades first.
Then keep going, go!
Right.
Okay.
(shouting)
Nicht schieben!
(speaking in German)
Shut up.
Nicht schieben!
No make dead!
Shut up.
Nicht schieben!
Shut the fuck up!
No make dead.
(speaking in German)
Toye, stay down, stay down!
Compton!
Buck:
All right, cover for me.
We must be doing
something right.
Look, we got 'em
so confused they're
firing on their third gun.
We better blow this thing
before they figure out
what the hell's happening.
I'm gonna go and see
what's keeping Lipton.
All right. Toye,
cover the lieutenant!
I think one of those
dead Krauts has a Luger.
So what?
Keep your head low, Petty.
C'mon, move it!
Have a little suppressing
fire, why don't you?
Jesus Christ!
Malarkey!
Now you stop firing?
Beautiful.
Shit.
Christ, they must think
he's a medic or something.
He's gonna need
a goddamn medic.
Okay, okay, okay.
Liebgott:
Malarkey!
Stay low!
What the hell
are you doin'? C'mon!
Forgot your
friggin' Luger?
You want I should go get it
for you, you stupid Mick?
Where's Lipton
with that TNT?
Don't know, sir.
You'll be all right, Popeye.
I'm sorry,
I messed up.
Don't be sorry.
Hey, Sarge?
Yeah.
You think this is
a ticket home?
Maybe.
Shit,
I just got here.
Hiya, cowboy.
Shut your fucking
guinea trap, gonorrhea.
He's all right,
that kid.
Jesus, you got a whole
Kraut platoon out there.
Probably more,
Captain.
You need help?
I need ammo, sir,
lots of it!
And TNT!
I've got TNT, sir.
Good job,
Private.
Hall, ready!
Sir, I don't have
any way to set it off, sir.
Fire in the hole!
Plesha,
covering fire.
Third gun, here!
Lorraine, grab some more
of those potato mashers
and follow me.
Malarkey, Hall,
you two, go!
Running a little low
on ammo, sir.
How about you,
Malarkey?
Okay.
Think you got enough
to take the third gun?
We'll soon
find out, Dick.
Malarkey, let's go!
Toye, cover!
Okay, Hall,
keep your head down.
Hall!
Leave your TNT!
Fire in the hole!
Malarkey,
cover the front!
Go to the cannon, go.
Hey, Sarge.
I'm looking for
Battalion Headquarters.
Are you kidding?
It's back that away.
You mean over--
Winters:
Fire in the hole!
(German radio chatter)
Lipton:
TNT!
Don't need it.
What?
Don't need it!
Hall!
Hall?
Where'd he come from?
Winters, Hester said
you needed ammo!
Malarkey!
As much as you can,
everyone!
You mind if "D" Company
takes a shot at the next gun?
All yours.
Let's go,
Dog Company!
Up and at 'em,
"D" Company.
Compton!
Who is that, Speirs?
Out! Get out!
What's he doing
out of the trench?
Oh, what the hell's
he doing?
(shouting)
Oh, Jesus.
Sir, had a little trouble
getting through
that first field.
Oh, Christ.
We're gonna need it
at the next gun.
Once it's blown,
tell 'em to pull out. Go!
Yes, sir.
Compton, police them both,
then pull out!
Lorraine, Toye,
move out!
Move out!
Move it out!
MGs first.
Fall back to your
original positions.
Everyone else,
maintain your base of fire.
Okay, back
to battalion!
Go, go!
(shouting)
They were 105s,
not 88s, sir.
We disabled them
and pulled out.
I figure there's
maybe 40 or so Krauts
still manning three MG-42s
to the rear.
Hey, Popeye.
Watch it,
watch it. Coming through.
40?
Yes, sir.
We killed
maybe around 20,
so, yeah, probably
there's 40 left.
I think
we need artillery,
or maybe mortars
might do the job.
Going my way?
Sure.
Sir.
Careful,
don't hurt yourself.
Nice ride
you got here, Nix.
Straight
from Utah Beach.
We should put 'em to work
before they're missed.
Winters:
By nightfall,
Second Battalion had secured
Sainte-Marie-du-Mont,
and elements
of the 4th Division
were beginning to move
men and material inland.
Most of the 101st Airborne,
including Easy Company,
were still scattered
all over Normandy,
and the success
of the invasion was far
from certain.
We had an hour to rest
and scrounge
whatever food we could
before we had
to move south
and secure the town
of Culoville.
Liebgott:
I don't wanna die in the back
of this damn truck, is what.
C'mon, you're
stepping on my legs.
Jesus, let me out of here.
Light, light discipline.
Guarnere,
close that flap.
Let the Krauts cook
their own goddamn food.
How are we doing,
Malark?
we're doing good.
Doing good?
Yeah.
What the hell do you know
about cooking? You're Irish.
Sir, if you have
a reservation someplace else,
I'd be happy to go with you.
Just start dishing it.
Thank you.
Shit.
Sorry.
Jesus Christ,
give me some air.
Yep. (laughing)
Oh god.
(all laughing)
Evening.
Hello, sir.
Did something
die in here?
Yeah,
Malarkey's ass.
Uh, any word on
Lieutenant Meehan yet, sir?
No, not yet.
Don't that make you our
commanding officer, sir?
Yeah, it does.
Sir?
Joe, the lieutenant
don't drink.
It's been
a day of firsts.
Don't you think,
Guarnere?
Yes, sir.
Carry on.
Goodnight, sir.
Oh, Sergeant?
Sir?
I'm not a Quaker.
If he's from Lancaster County,
he's probably a Mennonite.
What's a Mennonite?
(chattering)
Hey!
Hey Dick,
wait up!
What?
You know that
map you found?
It had every Kraut gun
in Normandy on it.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Here.
Don't ever get a cat.
What's on your mind?
I lost a man today.
Oh.
Hall.
Thanks. A John Hall,
New Yorker.
Got killed today
at Brecourt.
I never knew him.
Yeah, you did.
Radio-op,
506th basketball team,
Able Company.
He was a good man.
Man...
not even old enough
to buy a beer.
Not hungry.
Hey, Dick.
I sent that map up
to Division.
I think it's gonna
do some good.
Winters:
That night I took time
to thank God
for seeing me through
that day of days,
and prayed I would make it
through D Plus One.
And if, somehow,
I managed to get home again,
I promised God,
and myself,
that I would find
a quiet piece of land
someplace
and spend the rest
of my life in peace.